Add Depletion ID Generation Capability into RGMB (#25398)
idaholab/moose: modules/reactor/doc/content/source/meshgenerators/CoreMeshGenerator.md

The `CoreMeshGenerator` object automatically tags the mesh, if three dimensional, with the axial layers using the extra integer name "plane_id". The assemblies composing the core are also tagged via [`PatternedCartesianMeshGenerator`](PatternedCartesianMeshGenerator.md) or [`PatternedHexMeshGenerator`](PatternedHexMeshGenerator.md), using the "cell" assignment type, with the extra integer name "assembly_id" and any "dummy" assembly (identified via the [!param](/Mesh/CoreMeshGenerator/dummy_assembly_name) parameter) locations excluded.

## Depletion ID Information

> The `CoreMeshGenerator` object optionally assign depletion ID, with the extra integer name "depleiton_id".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `CoreMeshGenerator` object can optionally assign a depletion ID, with the extra integer name "depletion_id".
```
